
ACTORS

1. Customer Service Manager

general jobs
- oversee customer service teams
- Develop customer service policies
- manage complaint
- feedback systems

what they can do :
1. monitor customer feedback
2. analyze data to indentify areas for improvement
3. track perfomance of customer service initiatives
4. manage broadcast and disseminate information to other departments,
5. communicate to every department the passenger issue.

(passengers can express their opinions and level of satisfaction through a
feedback form created and can be updated by the Customer Service Manager)

note = bisa ganti priority level broadcast nya, ganti recipient nya.

CHAT FEATURE that allows quick coordination by letting everyone at the airport
view messages, making communication fast and efficient.

2. Information Desk Staffs.

general jobs

- provide information and assistance to passengers
- direction, flight information, any other shit
  other shit.

what they can do : 

- using the app can -> access real time flight information, terminal maps, and
- communicate with other department

note = 

3. Lost and Found Staff
general jobs

- manage lost and found department
- assisting passengers.

what they can do : 

- CRUD digital log of lost and found items, attach photos and descriptions 

note = other department jg

4. Check in staff

assisting passengers during the check in process : 

- verifying tickets, checking luggage, issuing boarding passes.

what they can do : 
1. access real time flight, passenger information, managing luggage or bagge
more efficiently.
2. upload photos of luggage or manually input data such as weight, dimensions,
contents of the luggage.
3. communicate with other departments in case of any issues.
4. creation and modification of boarding passes,
5. print out a boarding pass as a detail view
6. discretion to cancel or update boarding passes.

5. Gate Agents

managin boarding process at the flight gates, assisting passengers with
boarding, managing seating arrangements, and addresing any last minute
ticketing concerns

what they can do 
1. acces to flight information
2. seating charts
3. passenger data
4. get information on flight delays = flight information
5. chat kalau emergency


6. Airport Operations Manager

oversees operations of the airport

what they can do :
1. monitor daily operations
2. access to flight info
3. flight statuses = Flight Information.
4. baggage handling operations (loading unloading transfers)
5. monitor and maange maintance requests for airport facilites and equipment
6. receive live updates on the current weather condition.
7. coordinate between different departments 
8. chat feature.

7. Flight Operations Manager

supervises scheduling planning management of flights

what they can do:
1. check flight data 
crucial information : number of IDs, boarding times, arrival times, points of
origin and destination.
2. check flight status
3. manage flight schedules, to delay and cancel flights.
4. detailed information regarding the total number of passengers, personal
details, particulars of pilot crews for each flight.
5. manage and assign flight crews including pilots and cabin crew, to specific
flights.
6. chat feature

8. Ground Handling Manager

manage activities related to aircraft handling at the ground level, baggage
handling aircraft, aircraft cleaning, and refueling.

what they can do : 
1. monitor status of baggage.
2. manage refueling schedules.
3. ensure timely availability of ground handling staff by schedulign their
tasks.
4. chat feature jg

9. Landside Operations Manager

oversee airport's landside domains, encompass parking facilites, ground
transportation services, and terminal access.

what they can do : 
1. manage transportation schedules and routes
2. oversee parking facilites.
3. detailed information on transportation routes and manage the landside
operations staff to maange each segment of the journey
4. chat feature.


10. Maintenance Manager 

oversee airport facilites and equipment are good.

what they can do : 
1. manage maintenance schedules.
2. track equipment statuses
3. assign maintenance tasks to personnel based on equiment needs
4. coordinate with maintaen personel using chat feature.

11. Customs and Border Control Officers.

monitor and control the movement of people and goods accros the country's
borders

what they can do :
1. input passport and visa details -> customer jg bisa submit eletronically.
2. remove the passport and visa if customer salah mskin.
3. modify submitted details.
4. remove outdated or incorrect customs declarations.
5. generate detailed view of all the passenger data that already inputted
6. logging details such as the time, date, and location of border crossings and
closely monitoring the movement of both individuals andgoods.
7. creating inspection record document of detailed inspection record of goods,
encompassing photographs, descriptions and notes on any irregulatrities
observed.
8. modify inspection records
9. chat feature.

12. Baggage Security Supervisor

oversees security of passenger lugagge from the moment it is check in until
destination. luggage screening processes, securing the areas.

what they can do : 
1. monitor baggages statuses
2. manage baggage status.
3. manage the deployment of staff in baggage handling areas.
4. manage a log of any security incidents pertaining to baggage.
5. trace unidentified items.
6. generate reports on the security operations concerning baggage.
7. look at reports.

13. Cargo Managers

oversees the transportation handling of cargo at the airport

what they can do : 
1. monitor cargo shipments in real time
2. tracking their status and historical movement.
3. pinpointing their exact locations
4. management of storage space allocations, realtiem availibility
5. coordination with ground handling teams, cargo handlers and customs teams
(chat feature)
6. manage cargo handling tasks

14. Logistics Manager 

handles the flow of goods and materials throughout the airport, planning,
implementing, controlling procedures

what they can do : 
1. generate detailed reports concerning all logistics processes
2. handle logistics distribution types.
3. track the stages or routes of cargo movements.
4. track shipments and deliveries, current status location
5. managing inventory levels.
6. chat feature.

15. Fuel Manager.

maanging the fuel supply chain at an airport. overseeing fuel storage

what they can do : 
1. manage fuel inventories
2. manage schedule fuel deliveries (staff handling the task and the quantity of
fuel)
3. track fuel consumption.

16. Cargo Handlers.

responsible for the physical handling of cargo at the airport, load unload
cargo from aircraft

what they can do : 

1. receive step by step instructions for handling cargo
2. task assignments.
3. report the status of cargo movements 
4. status of cargo movements.
5. chat feature

17. Civil Engineering Manager.

oversee the structural integrity of the airport infrastructure (runways,
terminals, and other facilites). planning and implementing construction and
renovation projects

what they can do : 
1. access and manage project plans
2. monitor progress of ongoing construction or renovations works.
3. coordinate with other departments
4. manage budget

APPROVAL DARI CFO.

18. CEO

overseeing all aspects of the airports operation and managements.

what they can do :

1. access to a dashboard where they can view comphrensive reports and analytics
2. visualize comprehensive reoprts.
3. download financial reports 

19. CFO 
manage financial operations and startegies of the airport. (budget management,
financial planning, oversight of financial procedures and conrtols.

what they can do :
1. use tool designed for financial planning and budgeting.
2. tracking and manage revenue and expenses in real time.
3. generate detailed financial reports.
4. monitor the financial performance of different departments and projects
5. oversee financial fund requests.
6. review accept reject or revise the requests.

20. COO

reponsible for daily operations of the airport
oversee maintenance, ground support, flight operations

what they can do :
1. look at scheduling and monitoring of flights
2. view insights into managing facility management.
3. view detailed statistics on the consumption of both energy and water.
4. create daily reoprts.
5. get information of physical structure
6. view ongoing maintenane activites and managing maintenance.
7. chat feature

21. CSO


oversee the security infrastructure of the airport.

what they can do : 
1. monitor manage security incidents
2. managing the training, deployement and scheduling security personnel.
3. coordinate with various departments.
4. generating detailed security reoprts

22. HRD

oversee human resource management, encompassing recruitment training, employee
relations.

streamline recruitment porcess by taking various steps

what they can do : 
1. post job position, desc, information
2. facilitate the acceptance of job offers
3. arrange manage employee training and evelopment programs.
4. management of employee records and information. (modify records)
5. remove records of employee
6. view detailed employee data

BISA CHAT 

EmployeE cha
17. COO






